Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its
accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.
Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
ʮ̡
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
(Stock code: 2096)
VOLUNTARY ANNOUNCEMENT
NEW DRUG APPLICA TION (NDA) OF
RADEMIKIBART W AS ACCEPTED BY THE NA TIONAL
MEDICAL PRODUCTS ADMINISTRA TION
This announcement is made by Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “ Company ”,
together with its subsidiaries, the “ Group ”) on a voluntary basis to inform shareholders and
potential investors of the Company regarding the latest business development of the Group.
The board (the “ Board ”) of directors (the “ Directors ”) of the Company is pleased to
announce that, on April 29, 2026, New Drug Application (NDA) of the innovative drug
Rademikibart, jointly developed by the Group and Connect Biopharma Hong Kong Limited
(ʮ̡ ), resubmitted by the Group, was accepted by the National
Medical Products Administration (NMPA) for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in adults and
adolescents.
ABOUT RADEMIKIBART
Rademikibart is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4R ƹ, a common subunit of
IL-4 receptor and IL-13 receptor. By binding with IL-4R ƹ, Rademikibart can block the
functions of IL-4 and IL-13 effectively, thereby blocking the Th2 inflammatory pathway, thus
achieving the goal of treating Th2 related inflammatory diseases such as atopic dermatitis
and asthma.
The phase 3 clinical studies showed that Rademikibart not only acts rapidly but also
demonstrates significant cumulative benefits with continued treatment, showing potential for
greater effectiveness compared to similar class of products. At week16, the response rates for
EASI-75, EASI-90 and IGA 0/1 in the Rademikibart group reached 74.2%, 43.0% and 47.7%
(p<0.0001), respectively, indicating clear clinical benefits in early treatment. By Week 52,
the response rates for EASI-75, EASI-90 and IGA 0/1 had increased to 96.6%, 85.3% and
87.1%, respectively, demonstrating a significant advantage in deep remission with long-term
treatment.
–1–

ABOUT THE GROUP
The Company is an innovation and R&D-driven pharmaceutical company and the Group has
established a “State Key Laboratory of Neurology and Oncology Drug Development”. The
Group focuses on the therapeutic areas of neuroscience, anti-oncology, autoimmune and
anti-infection, with forward-looking layout of disease areas that may have significant clinical
needs in the future, aiming to achieve the mission of “for patients, for life”. Driven by its
in-house R&D efforts and synergistic innovation, the Company has established strategic
cooperation partnerships with many innovative companies and research institutes.
By order of the Board
Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
Mr . REN Jinsheng
Chairman and Executive Director
Hong Kong, April 30, 2026
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr . REN Jinsheng as the Chairman
and executive Director; Mr . TANG Renhong, Mr . WAN Yushan and Ms. WANG Xi as the
executive Directors; and Mr . SONG Ruilin, Mr . WANG Jianguo, Mr . WANG Xinhua and Mr .
SUNG Ka Woon as the independent non-executive Directors.
–2–